Gradle task `fastAssemble` for executing assemble without Javadoc (#218)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/manual/troubleshooting.tex

  \end{itemize}

\item To quickly rebuild the Checker Framework for local development,
run \code{./gradlew fastAssemble}. This command will assemble the jar

> files without generating any Javadoc, thus it's faster than \code{./gradlew assemble}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files without generating any Javadoc, thus it is faster than \code{./gradlew assemble}.
```
